## 1 First part

I don't know how it happened, but it's been going on for more than one day. I went outside because my friend and I had agreed to meet. I was sitting on a swing and saw that there was a portal ahead, which was located on a building to my left and to the right of the end of the building. I decided to try throwing something into it. I threw something and saw that a process had started there. Looking a little to the right, I saw that the continuation of the portal was near me, about 10 steps away from me. I quickly decided that I needed to run into the store before something came out of the portal. I ran and thought, "Why did I do this, why!"

Having rushed into the store, I saw one of the customers. I asked the seller to lock the door, but she was not in a hurry and did not understand why I was so anxious. When she approached the door, something humanoid decided to take her away. I got scared and realized that this was the end, and decided to hide in the refrigerator for beer. It was not transparent so there were chances that it wouldn't find me.

I heard the door open and my refrigerator fell to the floor. Through a crack, I saw legs with blue socks on them. I realized it was Adelina. I quickly got out and decided to ask what had happened outside. But before I could say a word, she said to me: "Katya! Well done for doing so well! When I read about you in the group, I was so happy for you! You are our Blue Archer!!"

I was surprised and asked her what she was talking about. It turned out that I was part of a squad where people kill creatures coming from these portals. These portals are like exits from the abyss, from which monsters emerge if the beginning of the portal into the abyss is disturbed. I had a slightly middle rank and was known as the "Blue Archer" (I don't know how they assign the names).

The second Adelina stopped speaking, I remembered how I was learning to dry cosmic protein with a guy for the first time. Cosmic protein is a protein that replaces terrestrial protein and is simply fished out of space and laid out on special plates that fly through space, thus collecting protein. The protein is removed with the help of a thin thread, which separates it from the plates. The guy kindly gave me most of the protein, as at that moment I was just starting my activities as a "Blue Archer".